OBSDOCS-1607: Create better topic map name entries (#87633)
openshift/openshift-docs: observability/monitoring/configuring-user-workload-monitoring/preparing-to-configure-the-monitoring-stack-uwm.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
[id="preparing-to-configure-the-monitoring-stack-uwm"]

> = Preparing to configure the user workload monitoring stack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Preparing to configure the monitoring stack for user workloads
```

This looks pretty long which can make it difficult to read.

Author: The "user workload monitoring" is the official term, so it should be left as it is, thank you for checking!

:context: preparing-to-configure-the-monitoring-stack-uwm

toc::[]

> This section explains which user-defined monitoring components can be configured, how to enable user workload monitoring, and how to prepare for configuring the user workload monitoring stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section explains which user-defined monitoring components can be configured, how to enable user workload monitoring, and how to prepare for configuring the monitoring stack for user workloads.
```

Author: same comment here, thanks!
